README.md, before:


# apply_helpers

#### Table of Contents

1. [Description](#description)
2. [Setup - The basics of getting started with apply_helpers](#setup)
3. [Usage - Configuration options and additional functionality](#usage)
4. [Reference - An under-the-hood peek at what the module is doing and how](#reference)

## Description

This module provides helper tasks that are used by the `apply()` functionality in Bolt. These tasks are not intended to be run on their own.

This module allows Bolt plans using `apply()` to be run on a Puppet Enterprise (PE) installation.

## Setup

Install the `apply_helpers` module in PE. Using PE RBAC, grant the ability to run the `apply_helpers::custom_facts` and `apply_helpers::apply_catalog` tasks to those you intend to use this module.

## Usage

Configure Bolt to [work with PE Orchestrator](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/0.x/bolt_configure_orchestrator.html) and run Bolt commands.

## Reference

This module includes tasks that are invoked automatically by Bolt: `apply_helpers::custom_facts` and `apply_helpers::apply_catalog`. These tasks should not be run on their own.

Commit message:

(BOLT-941) Update apply helpers based on changes to Bolt
Update tasks to be consistent with recent changes to them in Bolt so
that they continue to work. Make them private tasks so they're not
displayed when included in Bolt.

README.md, after:


# apply_helpers

#### Table of Contents

1. [Description](#description)
2. [Setup - The basics of getting started with apply_helpers](#setup)
3. [Usage - Configuration options and additional functionality](#usage)
4. [Reference - An under-the-hood peek at what the module is doing and how](#reference)

## Description

This module provides helper tasks that are used by the `apply()` functionality in Bolt. These tasks are not intended to be run on their own.

This module allows Bolt plans using `apply()` to be run on a Puppet Enterprise (PE) installation.

## Setup

Install the `apply_helpers` module in PE. Using PE RBAC, grant the ability to run the `apply_helpers::custom_facts` and `apply_helpers::apply_catalog` tasks to those you intend to use this module.

To use Bolt's `apply_prep` function, also install https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-puppet_agent's `master` branch.

## Usage

Configure Bolt to [work with PE Orchestrator](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/bolt_configure_orchestrator.html) and run Bolt commands.

## Reference

This module includes tasks that are invoked automatically by Bolt: `apply_helpers::custom_facts` and `apply_helpers::apply_catalog`. These tasks should not be run on their own.
